ABRAFO: African Ghanaian name meaning "warrior" or "executioner." Originally, it was a byname for a troublemaker or someone who is hyper.
ACHASHVEROSH (אֲחַשְׁוֵרוֹש): Hebrew form of Babylonian Achshiyarshu, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Persia. 
ACHSHIYARSHU: Babylonian form of Persian Khashayarshah, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Persia. His Hebrew name is Achashverosh. 
ÆLFHARE: Anglo-Saxon name composed of the Old English elements ælf "elf" and hari "army," hence "elf army."

ÆLFHERE: Variant spelling of Anglo-Saxon Ælfhare, meaning "elf army."

ÆGLÆCA: Variant spelling of Anglo-Saxon unisex Aglæca, meaning both "demon, monster, fiend," and "hero, warrior."
AGLÆCA: An Old English dictionary defines áglǽca as follows: "wretch, miscreant, monster, demon, fierce enemy, fierce combatant, miserable being." In the Anglo-Saxon epic Beowulf, Grendel, Grendel's mother and Beowulf are all three referred to by this name for each is a "fierce combatant." 
AGRO: From a Celtic word meaning "battle; slaughter."
AHIGA: Native American Navajo name meaning "he fights."
AINDREA: Scottish Gaelic form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

AINDRÉAS: Irish Gaelic form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

AINDRIAS: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Aindréas, meaning "man; warrior."

AINDRIÚ: Irish Gaelic form of English Andrew, meaning "man; warrior."

ALAOIS: Irish form of French Provençal Aloys, meaning "famous warrior."
ALFIHAR: Middle Low German name composed of the elements alf "elf" and hari "army, host," hence "elf army."
ALOÏS: German name derived from Latin Aloisius, meaning "famous warrior."

ALOISIO: Portuguese form of Latin Aloisius, meaning "famous warrior."

ALOISIUS: Variant spelling of Latin Aloysius, meaning "famous warrior."

ALOJZ: Slovak and Slovene form of Latin Aloisius, meaning "famous warrior."

ALOJZIJ: Slovene form of Latin Aloisius, meaning "famous warrior."

ALOJZY: Polish form of Latin Aloisius, meaning "famous warrior."

ALOYSIUS: Latin form of French Provençal Aloys, meaning "famous warrior."

ALOYS: Variant spelling of French Provençal Looys, meaning "famous warrior."

ALVAR: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Ælfhere, meaning "elf army."

ALVISE: Italian name derived from the patronymic surname Alvisio, which ultimately derived from Germanic Hlodovic, thus sharing the same etymology as French Louis, meaning "famous warrior."

ALYOSHA (Алëша): Russian form of German Aloïs (English Louis), meaning "famous warrior." 

ANARU: Maori form of English Andrew, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDER: Basque form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior." Compare with another form of Ander.

ANDERS: Scandinavian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDOR: Variant spelling of Hungarian András, meaning "man; warrior." Compare with another form of Andor.

ANDRÁS: Hungarian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRAS: Welsh form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRAŽ: Slovene form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRÉ: French form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDREA: Italian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDREAS (Ἀνδρέας): Greek name derived from the word andros, meaning "man; warrior." In the bible, this is the name of an apostle of Christ and brother to Simon Peter. He is said to have been crucified at Patrae in Archaia. 

ANDREI (Russian: Андре́й): Romanian and Russian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDREJ: Czech and Slovene form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDREJS: Latvian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRÉS: Portuguese and Spanish form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRES: Estonian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDREU: Catalan form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDREW: Anglicized form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior." In the bible, this is the name of an apostle of Christ and brother to Simon Peter. He is said to have been crucified at Patrae in Archaia. 

ANDREY: Bulgarian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRIA: Corsican form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRIAN (Андриа́н): Bulgarian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRIEN: French form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRIES: Dutch form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRII (Андрий): Variant spelling of Russian Andrei, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRIJA: Croatian and Serbian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRIS: 

Latvian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

Pet form of Hungarian András, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRIUS: Lithuanian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRIY: Ukrainian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRO: Croatian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDROCLES: Latin form of Greek Androkles, meaning "glory of a man/warrior." 

ANDROKLES: Original Greek form of Latin Androcles, meaning "glory of a man/warrior," from andros "of a man/warrior," and kleos "glory."

ANDRONICUS: Latin form of Greek Andronikos, meaning "victory of a man/warrior." This is the name of many Byzantine and Trebizond emperors.

ANDRONIKOS (Ανδρόνικος): Greek name composed of the elements andros "man, warrior" and nike "victory," hence "victory of a man/warrior." 

ANDRUS: Estonian form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRZEJ: Polish form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior." In use by the Romani.

ANDY: Unisex pet form of English Andrew and Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."

ANTERO: Finnish form of English Andrew, meaning "man; warrior."

ANTTI: Finnish form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ARDESHIR (اردشیر): Middle Persian form of Old Persian Artachshatra, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king."

ARES (Ἄρης): Greek myth name of the son of Zeus and Hera. Identified with Roman Mars. Derived from the Greek word ares, meaning "battle strife; ruination."

ARLUIN: Variant spelling of Norman French Herluin, meaning "noble friend" or "noble warrior."

ARMEL: French form of Welsh Arthfael, Old Breton Arthmael, meaning "bear chief" or "warrior prince."

ARMEN: Possibly a variant spelling of German Armin, meaning "army man." Compare with another form of Armen.

ARMIN: German name derived from Latin Arminius, meaning "army man."

ARMINIUS: Latin form of German Hermann, meaning "army man." This name was borne by the Teutonic national leader Arminius the Cheruscan, mentioned by Tacitus. 

ARNOST: Bohemian form of Old German Ernust, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."

ARNOŠT: Czech form of Old German Ernust, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."

AROLDO: Italian form of English Harold, meaning "army leader."

ARSHAVIR: Armenian name meaning "attack; rush; storm."

ARTACHSHARTA: Variant spelling of Persian Artachshatra, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king."

ARTACHSHASHTA (אַרְתַּחְשַׁשְׁתְּא): Hebrew form of Persian Artachshatra, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." In the bible, this is the name of the son and successor of Xerxes as emperor of Persia.

ARTACHSHATRA: Persian name meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." In the bible, this is the name of the son and successor of Khshayarsha as emperor of Persia. His Hebrew name is Artachshashta.

ARTASHIR: Armenian form of Persian Ardeshir, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." This is the name of the founder of the Artaxiad dynasty.

ARTAXERXES (Ἀρταξέρξης): Greek form of Persian Artachshatra (Hebrew Artachshashta), meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." In the bible, this is the name of the son and successor of Xerxes as emperor of Persia.

ARTAXES: Contracted form of Greek Artaxerxes, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king."

ARTAXIAS: Greek form of Persian Ardeshir, the name of the founder of the Artaxiad dynasty, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king."
ARTHFAEL: Welsh form of Old Breton Arthmael, meaning "bear chief" or "warrior prince."

ARTHMAEL: Old Breton name composed of the Celtic elements arth "bear, warrior," and mael "chief, prince," hence "bear chief" or "warrior prince."

AVEREL: Middle English masculine form of Anglo-Saxon Eoforhild, meaning "boar battle."
BAATAR (Баатар): Modern form of Mongolian Baghatur, meaning "hero" or "warrior." 

BAGATUR: Georgian form of Mongolian Baghatur, meaning "hero" or "warrior." 
BAGHADUR: Variant spelling of Mongolian Baghatur, meaning "hero" or "warrior." 
BAGHATUR: From an old Mongolian term for a "hero" or "warrior." 
BAGATYR (Багатур): Bulgarian form of Mongolian Baghatur, meaning "hero" or "warrior."
BAHADUR (Persian: بهادر): Hindi and Persian form of Mongolian Baghatur, meaning "hero" or "warrior."
BANDI: Pet form of Hungarian András, meaning "man; warrior."
BÁTOR: Hungarian form of Mongolian Baatar, meaning "warrior."
BATUR: Turkish form of Mongolian Baatar, meaning "warrior."
BEORHTHERE: Anglo-Saxon name composed of the Old English elements beorht "bright" and here "army," hence "bright army."
BHALTAIR: Scottish Gaelic form of Old High German Walthere, meaning "ruler of the army." 
BLAIR: Scottish unisex name derived from any of a number of places in Scotland called Blair, derived from the Gaelic word blàr, meaning "field, plain," most often referring to a "battlefield." 
BOGATIR: Variant spelling of Russian Bogatyr, meaning "hero" or "warrior."
BOGATYR (Богатырь): Russian form of Turkish Baghatur, meaning "hero" or "warrior."
BOHATER: Polish form of Mongolian Baghatur, meaning "hero" or "warrior."
BOIAN: Slavic name derived from the word boi, meaning "battle," hence "warrior." In use by the Romanians.
BOIANY (Бояни): Ukrainian form of Slavic Boian, meaning "warrior."
BOJAN (Боjaн): Serbian and Slovene form of Slavic Boian, meaning "warrior."
BOMANI: Egyptian name meaning "warrior."
BORIS (Борис): Russian name said to originally derive from Tatar Bogoris, meaning "small." Later, however, it was taken to be a short form of Borislav, the first element coming from the root bor- ("battle"), hence "fighter, warrior." 
BORISLAV (Борислав): Slavic name composed of the elements bor- "battle" and slav "glory," hence "battle glory." In use by the Bulgarians and Russians.
BORYA (Боря): Pet form of Russian Boris, probably meaning "fighter, warrior." 
BORYS: Polish form of Russian Boris, probably meaning "fighter, warrior." 
BORYSKO: Ukrainian form of Russian Boris, probably meaning "fighter, warrior." 
BOYAN (Боян): Bulgarian form of Slavic Boian, meaning "warrior."
CADÁN: Variant spelling of Irish Cathán, meaning "little battle."
CADELL: Old Irish and Welsh name composed of cad "battle" and the diminutive suffix -ell, hence "little battle."
CADEN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from McCadden, an Anglicized form of Gaelic Mac Cadáin "son of Cadán," hence "little battle." 
CADEYRN: Welsh legend name of the second son of Vortigern, composed of the elements cad "battle" and teyrn "lord, king," hence "battle lord."
CADFAEL: Welsh name composed of the elements cad "battle" and fael/mail "prince," hence "battle prince." This is a very rare name with only one instance found recorded, the name of a saint also known as Cadoc and Catmail.
CADFAN: Welsh name composed of the elements cad "battle" and fan(g) "raven," hence "battle raven." 
CADOC: Welsh name derived from the word cad, meaning "battle."
CADOGAN: Anglicized form of Welsh Cadwgawn, meaning "battle glory."
CADOMEDD: Welsh name meaning "battle-shirker."
CADWALADER: Welsh name composed of the elements cad "battle" and gwaladr "leader," hence "battle leader."
CADWALLADER: Variant spelling of Welsh Cadwalader, meaning "battle leader."
CADWGAWN: Welsh myth name mentioned in the Mabinogion, composed of the elements cad "battle" and gwogawn "honor, glory," hence "battle glory." 
CAEDMON: This is the name of an Anglo-Saxon poet mentioned by Bede, perhaps composed of caed "battle" and man "place, spot," hence "place of battle."
CÁEL: Irish Gaelic name derived from the word caol, meaning "slender." In mythology, this is the name of a warrior of the Fianna.
CAHAL: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Cathal, meaning "battle ruler."
CAHIR: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Cathaoir, meaning "warrior."
CAIRBRE: Irish Gaelic legend name of an Ulster warrior, meaning "charioteer."
CATHAIR: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Cathaoir, meaning "warrior."
CATHAL: Irish Gaelic name composed of the elements cath "battle" and val "rule," hence "battle ruler."
CATHALDUS: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Cathal, meaning "battle ruler."
CATHÁN: Irish name composed of the Gaelic element cath "battle" and a diminutive suffix, hence "little battle."
CATHAOIR: Irish Gaelic name composed of the Celtic elements cath "battle, fight" and vir "man," hence "fighting man, warrior."
CATHARNACH: Gaelic byname meaning "soldier, warlike."
CATHELD: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Cathal, meaning "mighty in battle."
CATIGERN: English name derived from Latin Catigernus, meaning "battle lord." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of a son of Vortigern.
CATIGERNUS: Latinized form of Welsh Cattegirn, meaning "battle lord."
CATMAIL: Welsh name meaning "battle prince." Other forms of the name include Cadoc and Cadfael.
CATOTIGERNOS: Latinized form of Welsh Cattegirn, meaning "battle lord."
CATTEGIRN: Welsh form of Celtic Cadeyrn, meaning "battle lord." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of a son of Vortigern.
CATUTIGERNOS: Latinized form of Welsh Cattegirn, meaning "battle lord."
CAY: Variant spelling of Frisian Kai, meaning "warrior." Compare with another form of Cay.
CEADDA: Anglo-Saxon name, possibly derived from Celtic cad, meaning "battle."
CEDRIC: English name coined by Sir Walter Scott for a character in his novel Ivanhoe, thought to possibly be a variant spelling of Anglo-Saxon Cerdic, meaning "war chief." 
CEARBHALL: Irish Gaelic name, probably originally a byname for a violent warrior, derived from the word cearbh, "hacking," hence "hacker."
CEARBHALLAN: Diminutive form of Irish Gaelic Cearbhall, meaning "little hacker."
CERDIC: Anglo-Saxon name, possibly meaning "war chief."
CHAD: Modern English form of Anglo-Saxon Ceadda, possibly meaning "battle."
CHANNARONG: Thai name meaning "experienced warrior."
CHESTER: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the city name Chester, from an Old English form of Latin castra, meaning "legionary camp." 
CHEVEYO: Native American Hopi name meaning "spirit warrior."CHIEN: Vietnamese name meaning "fighter, warrior."
CHLOTHAR: Germanic name composed of the elements hlut "loud" and hari/heri "army, warrior" hence "loud warrior."
CHLOTHARIUS: Latin form of German Chlothar, meaning "loud warrior."
CIBOR: Pet form of Polish Czcibor, meaning "battle of honor."
CILLIAN: Irish byname composed of Gaelic ceallach "strife, war," and a diminutive suffix, hence "little warrior."
CILLÍN: Variant spelling of Irish Cillian, meaning "little warrior."
CLANCY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Mac Fhlannchaidh, "son of Flannchadh," hence "red warrior."
CLANCEY: Variant spelling of English Clancy, meaning "red warrior."
CLOTAIRE: French form of Latin Chlotharius, meaning "loud warrior."
CLOVIS: French form of German Hlodovic, meaning "famous warrior."
CONLAOCH: Irish name, composed of the Gaelic elements con "hound" and laoch "warrior," hence "hound warrior." In Irish legend, this is the name of a son of Cúchulainn. He was accidentally killed by his father.
CONNLA: Variant spelling of Irish Conlaoch, meaning "hound warrior."
CTIBOR: Czech form of Polish Czcibor, meaning "battle of honor."
CÚCHULAINN: Irish myth name of a heroic warrior who accidentally killed his son Conlaoch, meaning "hound of Culann."
CZCIBOR: Polish name composed of the Slavic elements chest "honor" and bor "battle," hence "battle of honor."
DAL: Pet form of Czech Dalibor, meaning "distant battle."
DALEK: Pet form of Czech Dalibor, meaning "distant battle."
DALIBOR: Czech name composed of the Slavic elements dal "afar" and borit "to fight," hence "distant battle."
DAND: Pet form of Scottish Aindrea, meaning "man; warrior."
DEANDRE: English elaborated form of French André, meaning "man, warrior." 
DEMOSTRATE (Δημοστρατη): Greek name composed of the elements demou "of the people" and stratos "army," hence "people's army."
DENIS: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Donnchadh, meaning "brown warrior." Compare with another form of Denis.
DIDI: Pet form of German Dieter, meaning "warrior of the people." Compare with feminine Didi.

DIETER: Old German name composed of the elements þeud "people, race" and hari/heri "army, warrior," hence "warrior of the people."

DINIS: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Donnchadh, meaning "brown warrior." Compare with another form of Dinis.
DONAGHY: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Donnchadh, meaning "brown warrior."
DONNACHAIDH: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Donnchadh, meaning "brown warrior."
DONNCHADH: Irish Gaelic name composed of the elements donn "brown" and cath "battle, war," hence "brown warrior."
DONOGH: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Donnchadh, meaning "brown warrior."
DONOUGH: Variant spelling of English Donogh, meaning "brown warrior."
DREW: Short form of English Andrew, meaning "man; warrior."
DRIES: Short form of Dutch Andries, meaning "man; warrior."
DRUGI: Pet form of Polish Andrzej, meaning "man; warrior."
DUILIO: Italian form of Roman Latin Duilius, meaning "war."
DUILIUS: Roman name derived from the Latin word duellum, meaning "war."
DUNCAN: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Donnchadh, meaning "brown warrior."
DUNKY: Pet form of English Duncan, meaning "brown warrior."
EARL: Aristocratic title transferred to byname and finally to forename, from Old English eorl, meaning "nobleman, prince, warrior."
EARLE: Variant spelling of English Earl, meaning "nobleman, prince, warrior."
EARNEST: Variant spelling of English Ernest, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
EBER: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Éibhear, meaning "bow warrior." Compare with other forms of Eber.
ÉIBHEAR: Irish Gaelic form of Old Norse Ívarr, meaning "bow warrior." In Irish legend, this is the name of two sons of Mil (Éibhear Dunn and Éibhear Finn) who conquered Ireland. 
ÉIBHIR: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Éibhear, meaning "bow warrior."
EINAR: Scandinavian form of Old Norse Einarr, meaning "lone warrior."
EINARR: Old Norse name composed of the elements Ein- from *aina "alone, one" and -arr from harjaR "army, warrior," hence "lone warrior."
ENRE: Hungarian form of Latin Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."
ERLE: Variant spelling of English Earl, meaning "nobleman, prince, warrior."
ERMANNO: Italian form of German Hermann, meaning "army man."
ERN: Short form of English Ernest, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
ERNEST: English form of German Ernust, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
ERNESTO: Italian and Spanish form of Latin Ernestus, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
ERNESTUS: Latin form of German Ernust, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
ERNIE: Pet form of English Ernest, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
ERNÖ: Hungarian form of German Ernust, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
ERNO: Finnish form of German Ernust, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
ERNST: Contracted form of German Ernust, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
ERNUST: Old German name derived from the vocabulary word eornost, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
EUDEYRN: Old Celtic variant form of Welsh Cadeyrn, meaning "battle lord."
FLANNCHADH: Irish Gaelic name composed of the elements Flann "red, ruddy" and cath "battle, war," hence "red warrior."
GÁBA: Pet form of Czech Gabirel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABBY: Pet form of English Gabriel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABE: Pet form of English Gabriel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABEK: Pet form of Czech Gabirel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABI: Pet form of Hungarian Gábriel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABIREL: 
Basque form of Hebrew Gabriyel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God." 
Czech form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GÁBOR: Hungarian form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GÁBRIEL: Hungarian form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABRIĒL (Γαβριήλ): Greek form of Hebrew Gabriyel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God." In the bible, this is the name of one of the angelic princes or chiefs of the angels.
GABRIEL: Anglicized form of Greek Gabriēl (Hebrew Gabriyel), meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God." This is the name of one of the seven archangels of religious lore. In the bible, he is known as the messenger angel, he is one of the two highest-ranking angels, and apart from Michael is the only other angel given a name in the Old Testament where he is first mentioned in the Book of Daniel. He is the angel who announced the births of John the Baptist and Jesus. He is said to watch over Iran (Persia), and in Ezekiel's vision of the cherubim (the four sacred animals), the face of the eagle corresponds to him. In ancient astrology, he corresponds to the sign of Taurus and rules over the moon. 
GABRIELE: Italian form of Latin Gabrielus, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABRIELS: Latvian form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABRIELUS: Latin form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABRIYEL (גַּבְרִיאֵל): Hebrew name meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God." In the bible, this is the name of an archangel.
GABRJEL: Polish form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABRYJEL: Polish form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABRYŜ: Pet form of Polish Gabryjel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABRYSZ: Variant spelling of Polish Gabryŝ, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GAUTHIER: Variant spelling of French Gautier, meaning "ruler of the army."
GAUTIER: Old French name derived from Old High German Walther, meaning "ruler of the army."
GAVRAIL (Гавраил): Bulgarian form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GAVREL (גַאבְרֶעל): Yiddish form of Hebrew Gabriyel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GAVRI (גַּבְרִי): Variant form of Hebrew Gavriel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GAVRIE: Variant spelling of Hebrew Gavri, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GAVRIEL: Variant spelling of Hebrew Gabriyel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God." 
GAVRIIL (Гавриил): Russian form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GAVRIL (Bulgarian: Гаврил): Bulgarian and Romanian form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GAY: Short form of English names beginning with Gay-, such as Gabriel "man of God" or "warrior of God," and Gaylord, meaning "dandy." Compare with feminine Gay.
GEBHUZA: African Zulu name meaning "slashing/thrusting warrior."
GEDEON (Гедеон): Russian form of Hebrew Gidown, meaning "cutter down; hewer," i.e. "mighty warrior."
GIANLUIGI: Italian compound name composed of Gianni "God is gracious" and Luigi "famous warrior."
GID: Short form of English Gideon, meaning "cutter down; hewer," i.e. "mighty warrior."
GIDEON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Gidown, meaning "cutter down; hewer," i.e. "mighty warrior." In the bible, this is the name of the warrior who defeated the Midianites.
GIDON: Variant spelling of Hebrew Gidown, meaning "cutter down; hewer," i.e. "mighty warrior."
GIDOWN (גִּדְעוֹן): Hebrew name meaning "cutter down; hewer," i.e. "mighty warrior." In the bible, this is the name of the warrior who defeated the Midianites.
GONÇALO: Portuguese form of Spanish Gonzalo, meaning "battle genius; war elf."
GONÇALVO: Variant spelling of Portuguese Gonçalo, meaning "battle genius; war elf."
GONZALO: Spanish form of Visigothic Gundisalv, meaning "battle genius; war elf."
GUALTER: Portuguese form of Old High German Walther, meaning "ruler of the army."
GUALTIERO: Italian and Spanish form of Old High German Walther, meaning "ruler of the army."
GUIOMAR: Spanish name of Germanic origin, possibly meaning "famous in battle." In the 13th century Vulgate Cycle of Arthurian romance, Sir Guiomar is the proud and beautiful knight of the crystal stream.
GUNARI: Perhaps a Romani form of Scandinavian Gunnar, meaning "soldier, warrior."
GUNDISALV: Visigothic name composed of the elements gund "battle, fight" and alfs "elf, wise fog spirit (from Nordic mythology), hence "battle genius; war elf."
GUNDISALVUS: Latinized form of Visigothic Gundisalv, meaning "battle genius; war elf."
GUNNAR: Scandinavian form of Old Norse Gunnarr, meaning "soldier, warrior."
GUNNARR: Old Norse name composed of the elements gunnr "battle, fight" and arr "army, war," hence "soldier, warrior." In mythology, this is the name of the husband of Brynhildr.
GUNNE: Short form of Scandinavian Gunnar, meaning "soldier, warrior."
GUNNER: Danish variant spelling of Scandinavian Gunnar, meaning "soldier, warrior."
GUNNERIUS: Norwegian Latinized form of Scandinavian Gunnar, meaning "soldier, warrior."
GÜNTER: Variant spelling of German Günther, meaning "soldier, warrior."
GUNTER: Variant spelling of Danish Gunther, meaning "soldier, warrior." 
Gï¿½NTHER: German equivalent of Old Norse Gunnarr, composed of the elements gund "war" and heri "army, warrior," hence "soldier, warrior." In the Nibelungenlied, this is the name of a Burgundian king and husband of queen Brunhild.
GUNTHER: Danish form of Old Norse Gunnarr, meaning "soldier, warrior."
GUNTRAM: German name composed of the elements gund "war" and hramn "raven," hence "war raven."
GURGANUS: Latinized form of Welsh Gwrgenau, meaning "ferocious warrior."
GURGINTIUS: This is the name of a legendary king of the Britons who was preceded by Clotenus and succeeded by Merianus. Like Gurganus, it is probably a Latin form of Welsh Gwrgenau, meaning "ferocious warrior."
GWALLTER: Welsh form of Old High German Walther, meaning "ruler of the army."
GWRGENAU: Welsh name composed of the elements gwr "man, warrior" and cenau "whelp, young dog." In heroic poetry, Gwrgenau was used as a term for a "ferocious warrior."
HAERVEU: Old Breton name composed of the elements hær "battle" and vy "worthy," hence "battle worthy."
HANIA: Native American Hopi name meaning "spirit warrior."
HARALD: 
Dutch and German form of Anglo-Saxon Hereweald, meaning "army ruler."
Scandinavian form of Old Norse Haraldr, meaning "army ruler."
HARALDR: Old Norse equivalent of Anglo-Saxon Hereweald, meaning "army ruler."
HARALDUR: Icelandic form of Old Norse Haraldr, meaning "army ruler."
HARBERT: Dutch form of German Herbert, meaning "bright army."
HARBIN: Rare Irish variant form of German Herbert, meaning "bright army."
HARIRIC: Old German name composed of the elements hari "army" and ric "power, ruler," hence "army ruler."
HARLIN: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Norman French personal name Herluin, meaning "noble friend" or "noble warrior."
HAROLD: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Hereweald, meaning "army ruler."
HARTWIG: Old German name composed of the elements hard/hart "brave, hardy, strong" and wig "battle," hence "strong battle."
HARVE: Short form of English Harvey, meaning "battle worthy."
HARVEY: English surname transferred to forename use, from Old French Hervé, from Breton Haerveu, meaning "battle worthy."
HARVIE: Variant spelling of English Harvey, meaning "battle worthy."
HEBER: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Éibhear, meaning "bow warrior." Compare with another form of Heber.
HEDEON: Ukrainian form of Russian Gedeon, meaning "cutter down; hewer," i.e. "mighty warrior."
HELUSHKA (He-lush-ka): Native American Winnebago name meaning "fighter."
HERB: English short form of German Herbert, meaning "bright army."
HERBERT: Modern German form of Old High German Heribert, meaning "bright army." 
HERBERTO: Portuguese and Spanish form of Latin Herbertus, meaning "bright army."
HERBERTUS: Latin form of Old High German Heribert, meaning "bright army." 
HERBIE: English pet form of German Herbert, meaning "bright army."
HEREBEORHT: Anglo-Saxon equivalent of Old High German Heribert, meaning "bright army." 
HEREWARD: Anglo-Saxon name composed of the Old English elements here "army" and weard "guard," hence "army-guard."
HEREWEALD: Anglo-Saxon name, composed of the Old English elements here "army" and weald "power, rule," hence "army ruler." 
HERIBERT: Old High German name composed of the elements hari/heri "army" and berht "bright, famous," hence "bright army."
HERIBERTO: Spanish form of Latin Herbertus, meaning "bright army."
HERLEIF: Scandinavian form of Old Norse Herleifr, meaning "army descendant." 
HERLEIFR: Old Norse name composed of the elements herr "army" and leifr "descendant," hence "army descendant."
HERLEIFUR: Icelandic form of Old Norse Herleifr, meaning "army descendant." 
HERLUIN: Norman French name composed of the Germanic elements erl "nobleman, warrior" and wini "friend," hence "noble friend" or "noble warrior."
HERMAN: 
Dutch form of German Hermann, meaning "army man." 
English name derived from Latin Hermanus, meaning "army man."
HERMANN: German name composed of the elements heri/hari "army" and man "man," hence "army man."HERMANNI: Finnish form of German Hermann, meaning "army man." 
HERMANUS: Latin form of German Hermann, meaning "army man." 
HERMÍNIO: Portuguese form of Latin Hermanus, meaning "army man."
HERMINIO: Spanish form of Latin Hermanus, meaning "army man."
HERRICK: German surname transferred to forename use, originally a personal name composed of the elements hari/heri "army" and ric "power," hence "army power."
HERVÉ: French form of Breton Haerveu, meaning "battle worthy."
HERVEY: Variant spelling of English Harvey, meaning "battle worthy."
HILBERT: Contracted form of German Hildebert, meaning "battle-bright."
HILD: Dutch masculine form of German Hilda, meaning "battle."

HILDE: Swedish masculine form of Old Norse Hildr, meaning "battle." Compare with feminine Hilde.

HILDEBERT: German name composed of the elements hild "battle" and beraht "bright," hence "battle-bright."

HILDEBEORHT: Anglo-Saxon equivalent of German Hildebert, meaning "battle-bright."

HILDEFONS: Visigothic name composed of the Germanic elements hild "battle" and funs "ready," hence "battle-ready."

HJÁLMAR: Old Norse name composed of the elements hjalmr "helmet" and arr "warrior," hence "helmet-warrior."
HJALMAR: Scandinavian form of Old Norse Hjálmar, meaning "helmet-warrior."
HJALMARR: Variant spelling of Scandinavian Hjalmar, meaning "helmet-warrior."
HLODOVIC: Variant form of Old High German Hludowig, meaning "famous warrior." 
HLUDOWIG: Old High German name composed of the proto-Germanic elements *hluda- "famous" and *wiga "war," hence "famous warrior."
HLUDWIG: Contracted form of Old High German Hludowig, meaning "famous warrior." 
HONDO: Egyptian name meaning "war."
HOTOTO: Native American Hopi name meaning "warrior spirit who sings" or "he who whistles."
IFOR: Welsh form of Old Norse Ívarr, meaning "bow warrior."
IGOR (Игорь): Russian form of Old Norse Ívarr, meaning "bow warrior."
IIRO: Pet form of Finnish Iivari, meaning "bow warrior."
IIVARI: Finnish form of Old Norse Ívarr, meaning "bow warrior."
ILBERT: Norman French form of German Hilbert, meaning "battle-bright."
ILDEFONSO: Spanish form of Visigothic Hildefons, meaning "battle-ready."
ÌMHEAR: Scottish Gaelic form of Old Norse Ívarr, meaning "bow warrior."
INGVAR: Icelandic and Scandinavian form of Old Norse Ingvarr, meaning "Ing's warrior."
INGVARR: Variant spelling of Old Norse Yngvarr, meaning "Ing's warrior."
ÌOMHAIR: Variant spelling of Scottish Gaelic Ìomhar, meaning "bow warrior."
ÍOMHAR: Irish Gaelic form of Old Norse Ívarr, meaning "bow warrior."
ÌOMHAR: Scottish Gaelic form of Old Norse Ívarr, meaning "bow warrior."
ÍVAR: Icelandic form of Old Norse Ívarr, meaning "bow warrior." 
IVAR: Scandinavian form of Old Norse Ívarr, meaning "bow warrior." 
ÍVARR: Old Norse name composed of the elements Iv- from ýr "yew-bow, yew-tree" and -arr from harjaR "army, warrior," hence "bow warrior." 
IVER: Danish form of Scandinavian Ivor, meaning "bow warrior."
IVOR: Swedish and Norwegian form of Old Norse Ívarr, meaning "bow warrior." 
JALMARI: Finnish form of Scandinavian Hjalmar, meaning "helmet-warrior."
JARI: Pet form of Finnish Jalmari, meaning "helmet-warrior."
JĘDRZEJ: Old Polish form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man, warrior."
JIANJUN (建军): Chinese name meaning "build the army."
JUNAID: Variant spelling of Arabic Junayd, meaning "small army" or "small caravan."
JUNAYD (جنيد): Arabic name meaning "small army" or "small caravan."
KAAPO: Finnish form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
KAAPRO: Finnish form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
KADEN: Variant spelling of English Caden, probably meaning "little battle." 
KAI: Short form of Frisian Kaimbe, meaning "warrior." Compare with other forms of Kai.
KAIMBE: Old Frisian name meaning "warrior."
KALLISTRATOS (Καλλίστρατος): Ancient Greek name composed of the elements kallos "beauty" and stratos "army," hence "beauty-army."
KAMAU: African Kenyan name meaning "quiet warrior."
KANE: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Cathán, meaning "little battle."
KAPRIEL: Armenian form of Greek Gabriēl, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
KATHEL: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Cathal, meaning "battle ruler."
KEALLACH: Irish name meaning "battle."
KEDEHERN: Old Celtic variant form of Welsh Cadeyrn, meaning "battle lord."
KEMP: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, from the Middle English word kempe "athlete, wrestler," from Old English kempa, meaning "champion, warrior."
KERBASI: Basque name meaning "warrior."
KHASHAYARSHAH: A later spelling of Persian Khshayarsha, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." This is the name of a king of Persia mentioned in the bible by his Hebrew name Achashverosh. 
KHSHAYARSHA (خشایارشاه): Variant spelling of Persian Xsayarsa, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." 
KILIÁN: Czech form of Irish Gaelic Cillín, meaning "little warrior."
KILIAN: German form of Irish Gaelic Cillín, meaning "little warrior."
KILLEEN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Cillín, meaning "little warrior."
KILLIAN: 
Variant spelling of English Killeen, meaning "little warrior."
Variant spelling of German Kilian, meaning "little warrior."
KOLDO: Short form of Basque Koldobika, meaning "famous warrior." 
KOLDOBIKA: Basque form of Middle Latin Ludovicus, meaning "famous warrior."
KUSHTRIM: Albanian name meaning "battle cry; slogan."
KYLER: German surname transferred to English forename use, from a derivative of the personal name Kilian, meaning "little warrior."
KYNDEYRN: Old Celtic variant form of Welsh Cadeyrn, meaning "battle lord."
LAJOS: Hungarian form of French Louis, meaning "famous warrior." 
LEW: Short form of English Lewis, meaning "famous warrior." Compare with another form of Lew.
LEWIS: English form of French Louis, meaning "famous warrior." 
LIUDVIKAS: Lithuanian form of German Ludwig, meaning "famous warrior."
LLUIS: Catalan form of Spanish Luis, meaning "famous warrior." 
LODEWIJK: Dutch form of German Ludwig, meaning "famous warrior."
LODOVICO: Italian form of German Ludwig, meaning "famous warrior."
LOÏC: Breton form of French Louis, meaning "famous warrior." 
LOIS: Galician-Portuguese form of French Louis, meaning "famous warrior." Compare with feminine Lois.
LOIZA: Probably a Romani form of French Louis, meaning "famous warrior." 
LOJZE: Slovene pet form of Alojz, meaning "famous warrior."
LOOIS: Old French name derived from Middle Latin Ludovicus, meaning "famous warrior."
LOOYS: Old French name derived from Middle Latin Ludovicus, meaning "famous warrior."
LOTHAIR: Variant spelling of French Lothaire, meaning "loud warrior."
LOTHAIRE: French form of Latin Lotharius, meaning "loud warrior."
LOTHAR: Later form of German Chlothar, meaning "loud warrior." 
LOTHARIO: Italian form of Latin Lotharius, meaning "loud warrior."
LOTHARIUS: Latin form of German Lothar, meaning "loud warrior."
LOTHUR: Variant spelling of German Lothar, meaning "loud warrior."
LOTTERIO: Italian form of Latin Lotharius, meaning "loud warrior."
LOU: English unisex short form of French Louis and Louise, both meaning "famous warrior." 
LOUIE: Pet form of French Louis, meaning "famous warrior."
LOUIS: Middle French form of Old French Loois, meaning "famous warrior."
LOVE: Swedish name derived from Middle Latin Ludovicus, meaning "famous warrior." Compare with feminine Love.
LOWIE: Pet form of Dutch Lodewijk, meaning "famous warrior."
LUAN: Old Irish Gaelic byname meaning "warrior." Compare with another form of Luan.
LUCHJO: Pet form of Esperanto Ludoviko, meaning "famous warrior."
LUDDE: Swedish pet form of Scandinavian Ludvig, meaning "famous warrior." 
LUDIS: Latvian form of German Ludwig, meaning "famous warrior."
LUDO: Short form of Latin Ludovic, meaning "famous warrior."
LUDOVIC: Short form of Latin Ludovicus, meaning "famous warrior."
LUDOVICO: Italian form of Latin Ludovicus, meaning "famous warrior."
LUDOVICUS: Middle Latin form of German Hludwig, meaning "famous warrior."
LUDOVIKO: Esperanto form of Latin Ludovicus, meaning "famous warrior."
LUDVIG: Scandinavian form of German Ludwig, meaning "famous warrior."
LUDVIGS: Latvian form of German Ludwig, meaning "famous warrior."
LÚÐVÍK: Icelandic form of German Ludwig, meaning "famous warrior."
LUDVIK: Czech form of German Ludwig, meaning "famous warrior."
LUDWIG: Variant form of German Hludwig, meaning "famous warrior."
LUDWIK: Polish form of German Ludwig, meaning "famous warrior."
LUIGI: Italian form of Middle Latin Ludovicus, meaning "famous warrior."
LUIGINO: Pet form of Italian Luigi, meaning "famous warrior."
LUIS: Portuguese and Spanish form of Middle Latin Ludovicus, meaning "famous warrior."
LUIX: Basque form of Middle Latin Ludovicus, meaning "famous warrior."
LUIZ: Portuguese form of Middle Latin Ludovicus, meaning "famous warrior."
LUTHER: German name composed of the elements liut "people" and heri "army, warrior," hence "people's army."
LUTZ: Pet form of German Ludwig, meaning "famous warrior."
LYSIMACHOS (Λυσίμαχος): Ancient Greek name composed of the elements lysis "freeing, loosening, a release" and mache "battle," hence "free battle" or perhaps "freedom fighter." 
LYSIMACHUS: Latin form of Greek Lysimachos, meaning "free battle" or "freedom fighter."
LYSISTRATOS (Λυσιστράτος): Ancient Greek name composed of the elements lysis "freeing, loosening, a release" and stratos "army, expedition, multitude," hence "liberation army."
MARDIG: Armenian name meaning "warrior."

MATUNAAGA: Native American Algonquin name meaning "fights."

MDJAI: Egyptian name meaning "soldier."

MIL: Irish legend name (Mil Espane "Mil of Spain") of the father of Éibhear Dunn and Éibhear Finn, who conquered Ireland. Possibly derived from the Latin word miles, meaning "soldier."

MKHAI: Egyptian name meaning "fight."

MORAY: Scottish form of English Murray, meaning "sea warrior."

MUIREACH: Modern contracted form of Scottish Gaelic Muiredach, meaning "sea warrior."
MUIREADHACH: Scottish Gaelic name composed of the elements muir "sea" and cath "battle," hence "sea warrior."
MUIREDACH: Variant spelling of Scottish Gaelic Muireadhach, meaning "sea warrior."
MURCHADH: Scottish Gaelic name composed of the elements muir "sea" and cath "battle," hence "sea warrior."
MURDANIE: Pet form of English Murdoch, meaning "sea warrior."
MURDIE: Pet form of English Murdoch, meaning "sea warrior."
MURDO: Pet form of English Murdoch, meaning "sea warrior."
MURDOCH: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Muireadhach, meaning "sea warrior."
MURDOCK: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Muireadhach, meaning "sea warrior."
MURDY: Pet form of English Murdoch, meaning "sea warrior."
MURPHY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Murchadha "descendant of Murchadh," hence "sea-warrior."
MURRAY: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Muireach, meaning "sea warrior."
MURTAGH: Irish form of Scottish Gaelic Muireadhach, meaning "sea warrior." Compare with another form of Murtagh.
MURTY: Pet form of English Murdock, meaning "sea warrior."
NAOISE: Irish Gaelic name, of unknown meaning. In Celtic mythology, this is the name of the warrior nephew of King Conchobar and beloved of Deirdre.
NECALLI: Nahuatl name meaning "battle."
NEOPTOLEMOS (Νεοπτόλημος): Greek name composed of the elements neos "new" and polemos "war," hence "new war." In mythology, this is the name of the son of Achilles. He is also known as Pyrrhos.
NEOPTOLEMUS: Latin form of Greek Neoptolemos, meaning "new war." In mythology, this is the name of the son of Achilles. He is also known as Pyrrhus.
NERO: Short form of Italian Raniero, meaning "wise warrior." Compare with another form of Nero.
NIKOMACHOS (Νικόμαχος): Ancient Greek name composed of the elements nike "conquest, victory" and mache "battle," hence "victory battle."
NIKOSTRATOS (Νικόστρατος): Greek name composed of the elements nike "conquest, victory" and stratos "army," hence "victory-army."
NOISIU: Variant form of Irish Gaelic Naoise, of unknown meaning. In mythology, this is the name of the warrior nephew of King Conchobar and beloved of Deirdre.
NOLAN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Ó Nualláin "descendant of Nuallán," hence "little champion" or "little chariot fighter."
NOLAND: Variant spelling of English Nolan, meaning "little champion" or "little chariot fighter."
NUADA: Irish name, possibly derived from Proto-Indo-European *sneudh, meaning "fog." In mythology, this is the name of a king of the Tuatha Dé Danann, best remembered by the name Airgetlám ("silver arm/hand"), an epithet bestowed on him after his hand or arm was cut off by a Fir Bolg warrior in the first Battle of Magh Tuiredh.NUALLÁN: Old Gaelic byname composed of the word nuall "champion, chariot-fighter" and a diminutive suffix, hence "little champion" or "little chariot-fighter."

OLI: Short form of English Oliver, probably meaning "elf army."

OLIER: Breton form of French Olivier, probably meaning "elf army."

OLIVER: English form of French Olivier, probably meaning "elf army."

OLIVIER: Of Norman French origin, thus ultimately of Germanic origin, probably from German Alfihar, meaning "elf army." The name was first used as a character name in the French epic La Chanson de Roland.

ONDŘEJ: Czech form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ONDREJ: Slovak form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior."

ORMARR: Old Norse name composed of the elements orm "serpent" and herr "army," hence "serpent army."

PERSEUS (Περσεύς): Greek myth name of the founder of Mycenae and the hero who killed the half-mortal gorgon Medusa. If Greek, the first element of the name might have derived from the word pertho, meaning "to sack, to destroy." And according to Carl Daling Buck in his Comparative Grammar of Greek and Latin, the -eus suffix found in so many Greek names is typically used to form an agent noun. If so, Perseus was a "destroyer" by profession, i.e. a "soldier," which is a fitting name for this legendary hero. 

PRIDBOR: Slavic name composed of the elements prid "first, foremost" and bor "battle," hence "foremost warrior."

PRITBOR: Wendish form of Slavic Pridbor, meaning "foremost warrior." 

PTOLEMAEUS: Latin form of Greek Ptolemaios, meaning "aggressive, warlike."
PTOLEMAIOS (Πτολεμαῖος): Greek name derived from the word polemeios, meaning "aggressive, warlike."
PTOLEMY: Short form of Greek Ptolemaios, meaning "aggressive, warlike."
QUAN: Vietnamese name element meaning "soldier, warrior." Compare with another form of Quan.

RAGNAR: Scandinavian form of German Reginar, meaning "wise warrior."

RAINER: A derivative of German Reginar, meaning "wise warrior."
RAINERIO: Spanish form of German Rainer, meaning "wise warrior."
RAINIER: French form of German Rainer, meaning "wise warrior."
RANIERO: Italian form of German Reginar, meaning "wise warrior."
RANJ: Short form of Hindi Ranjeet, meaning "victorious in battle."
RANJEET (रञ्जित): Variant spelling of Hindi Ranjit, meaning "victorious in battle."
RANJIT (रञ्जित): Hindi name meaning "victorious in battle."
RAYNER: English form of German Rainer, meaning "wise warrior."
RAZMIG: Armenian name meaning "fighter."
REGINAR: German name composed of the elements ragin "advice, decision" and hari "army, warrior," hence "wise warrior."
REGINHARD: Old German name composed of the elements ragin "advice" and hard "brave, hardy, strong," hence "wise and strong."
REGNER: Danish form of German Reginar, meaning "wise warrior."
REINER: Variant spelling of German Rainer, meaning "wise warrior."
REINIER: Dutch form of German Reiner, meaning "wise warrior."
ROCKY: Originally a byname for a tough guy, this name was used by the boxing champion Rocky Marciano as an English form of his Italian name Rocco, "rest," which he felt would be more suitable as a name for a fighter.
SAVAS: Turkish name meaning "war." Compare with another form of Savas.
SOSTRATOS (Σώστρατος): Greek name composed of the elements sos "safe, sound" and stratos "army," hence "safe army."
SOSTRATUS: Latin form of Greek Sostratos, meaning "safe army."
STRATON (Στράτων): Greek name meaning "army."
TAISTO: Finnish name meaning "battle."
TAKEO (1-剛雄, 2-武雄): Japanese name meaning 1) valiant male," or "violent/warrior male."
TAKESHI (武): Japanese name meaning "fierce, violent," hence "warrior."
TERO: Short form of Finnish Antero, meaning "man; warrior."
THANE: English name derived from the noble title, "thane," from Old Saxon thegan, meaning "boy, follower, warrior."
ÞÓRIR: Old Norse name, composed of the name of the god Thor and the word verr "man, warrior," hence "Þórr's warrior."
THORIR: Old Swedish form of Old Norse Þórir, meaning "Thor's warrior."
ÞÓRVÉR: Old Norse name derived from ancient *wihaR, "battle, fight," hence "fighter, warrior."
VALTER: Scandinavian form of German Walther, meaning "ruler of the army."
VALTTERI: Finnish form of German Walther, meaning "ruler of the army."
VERCINGETORIX: Celtic name composed of the Gaulish elements ver "on, over" and cingeto "warriors," hence "overlord; lord over warriors."
VERNER: Scandinavian form of German Werner, meaning "Warin warrior," i.e. "covered warrior."
VIÐAR: Icelandic form of Old Norse Víðarr, meaning "forest warrior."
VIDAR: Scandinavian form of Old Norse Víðarr, meaning "forest warrior."
VÍÐARR: Old Norse myth name of a son of Óðinn, meaning "forest warrior."
VÍGHARÐUR: Icelandic equivalent of Anglo-Saxon Wigheard, meaning "hardy warrior."
VOJTĔCH: Czech form of Polish Wojciech, meaning "consolation-soldier."
VOLKER: German name composed of the elements folk "people" and heri "army," hence "people's army."
VÖLUND: Swedish form of Old Norse Volundr, meaning "war territory" or "battlefield."
VOLUNDR: Old Norse form of German Wieland, meaning "war territory" or "battlefield."
WALDHAR: Variant spelling of German Waldheri, meaning "ruler of the army."
WALDHERI: Variant spelling of Old High German Walthari, meaning "ruler of the army." 
WALLY: Pet form of English Wallace "foreigner, stranger," especially Celtic or Roman, and Walter "ruler of the army."
WALT: Short form of English Walter, meaning "ruler of the army."
WALTER: English form of German Walther, meaning "ruler of the army."
WALTHARI: Old High German name composed of the elements waltan "to rule, to wield power " and hari "army, host," hence "ruler of the army."
WALTHER: Variant spelling of Old High German Walthere, meaning "ruler of the army." In use by the Romani.
WALTHERE: Variant spelling of Old High German Walthari, meaning "ruler of the army."
WALTIER: Variant form of Old French Gautier, meaning "ruler of the army."
WARNER: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the German personal name Werner, meaning "Warin warrior," i.e. "covered warrior."
WAT: Old pet form of English Walter, meaning "ruler of the army."
WATKIN: Old Pet form of English Walter, meaning "ruler of the army."
WAYLAND: English form of German Wieland, meaning "war territory" or "battlefield."
WEALDHERE: Anglo-Saxon equivalent of German Waldheri, composed of the Old English elements weald "to rule, to wield power" and heri "army, host," hence "ruler of the army."
WEIT: Pet form of Dutch Wouter, meaning "ruler of the army."
WERNER: Old High German name composed of the tribal name Warin "cover, shelter," from warnôn "to be careful, watchful" and the word hari/heri "army, warrior," hence "Warin warrior," i.e. "covered warrior."
WERNHER: Variant spelling of Old High German Werner, meaning "Warin warrior," i.e. "covered warrior."
WERTHER: Old High German name composed of the elements wert "worthy" and heri "army," hence "worthy army."
WIEBE: Pet form of German names containing the element -wig, meaning "battle, fight, war."
WIELAND: German myth name of a craftsman, composed of the elements wig "battle, fight, war" and land "land, territory," hence "war territory" or "battlefield."
WIGHEARD: Anglo-Saxon name composed of the Old English elements wig "battle, fight, war" and heard "brave, hardy, strong," hence "hardy warrior."
WIGMUND: Anglo-Saxon name composed of the Old English elements wig "battle, fight, war" and mund "protection," hence "fight-protection."
WIMUND: Contracted form of Anglo-Saxon Wigmund, meaning "fight-protection."
WOJCIECH: Polish name composed of the Slavic elements voi "soldier" and tech "consolation," hence "consolation-soldier."
WOJTEK: Pet form of Polish Wojciech, meaning "consolation-soldier."
WOLTER: Dutch form of German Walther, meaning "ruler of the army."
WOUTER: Dutch form of German Walther, meaning "ruler of the army."
WYATT: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the medieval personal name Wyot, meaning "hardy warrior." 
WYBERT: Anglo-Saxon name, composed of the Old English elements wig "battle, fight, war" and beorht "bright," hence "bright battle."
WYMOND: Variant spelling of Middle English Wymund, meaning "fight-protection." 
WYMUND: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Wigmund, meaning "fight-protection."
WYOT: Medieval English name derived from Anglo-Saxon Wigheard, meaning "hardy warrior."
XERXES (Ξέρξης): Greek form of Persian Xsayarsa, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Persia. His Hebrew name is Achashverosh. 
XSAYARSA (خشایارشاه): Persian name meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Persia. His Hebrew name is Achashverosh. His Greek name is Xerxes.
YAOTL: Nahuatl unisex name meaning "war" or "warrior."
YNGVAR: Scandinavian form of Old Norse Yngvarr, meaning "Ing's warrior."
YNGVARR: Old Norse name composed of the name of the fertility god Ing and the word arr "warrior," hence "Ing's warrior."